"Be by the body and the tiri by the speech. Gopa is laughing, very happy, very joyous, joyous
status. Very laughing. And Shiva.
Shiva means revealing the arrows of the others. Wearing that speech that reveals instantly the
mysteries and witness of the egos. And egos, like all the activities, reveal immediately.
And then Shiva, sorry, what's called structure? Structure is not just also when they reveal that
arrows and mistakes, not just short, short ways, but very powerful way, very, really, very strong,
very, very, in a way, loudly, loudly, clearly, without any kind of like, that we are not going to
say, 'I am unheard.' We are not going to say unheard.
That, just so strong, so powerful, so accurate, those are the, by the speech, speech, the principle
qualities of speech. And then, yin gi, namba, kyo a, this mind.
Now, even though those external looks like so stressful, so powerful, so dramatic, so kind of
frantic, but the heart or the yin gi means compassion. It's completely compassion, compassion
status, kindness and compassion.
And then, namba means that is also very deep. Namba means deep, very deep compassion and wisdom and
compassion, so deep, deep. And then here is peaceful, total peaceful status, calm and peaceful,
relaxed, that is what it is. That is free by the mind.
And this is what applies here. For example, here, here, there are two hundred facing, right eye,
yellow, frightening and laughing wide. And two hundred facing behind are the splendid and the
shutting tongue.
Those are the different oscillator and the mighty broken oscillator. Two hundred facing left are
the green and peaceful, expressing the compassion.
Two hundred facing outward are the blue, outward and outward. So those are the expressions of have,
body, speech and amongst the mind qualities.
And then, along with this, also known as, she is immediately she is performing four activities of
the buddhas, all five different activities of the buddhas.
Those are known as the pacifying activity and increasing activity, magnetizing activity and subjug
ating activities.
And then, all simultaneously performing activity, those are known as five activities that she is
performing immediately that, that is symbolized by these five different goggles are facing.
And then, similarly, also it is symbolized by the Vasudas as well as two. And then, these three,
each face has three eyes and those are symbolized the three Vasudas.
Three Vasudas, or that she is passed in prison, clearly everything, things, all that Vasudas knows,
perfectly called, the nature of the cause, perfectly knows, or that Vasudas knows perfectly the
nature of the result.
And then, Vasudas knows it perfectly, called the nature of the both cause and conditions. Those are
in the Buddha teaching also known, named as three dolls of liberation.
And which is the like cause, result, and the characteristics of the both cause and result, result
or purpose, that. And so, those eyes are rolling, rolling, and eyes are moving with the sparking of
the western light and the fires.
And then, he has two left, two, sorry, ten, ten, one thousand arms, or the hands, and all holding
those, the soles, as you say, and again ten, one thousand feet.
And then, he is also crushing and subduing all the like, negativities, obstacles, and obscurations.
And then, also these two obstacles, the biggest two obscurations in the teaching are often known as
the two eagles.
These two eagles are known as the individual eagles and the phenomenal eagles. Those are all in
another way grasping to the individual, grasping to the all phenomenal existence.
These two grasping are the most powerful obstacles. And she is crushing both, that symbolizes this,
both, both completely.
So, this 500 extender right legs, crushing all the fears, fears, that is then symbolizing all the,
what's called, these, the phenomenal eagle clangies.
And 500 legs are bent inward, crushing all obstacles, and that is then an individually eagle clang
ie, related with that, all obstacles.
Then she is the embodiment of all the Buddhas, all the Buddhas, three times, vast, present, future,
or ten directions.
To symbolize that, the seven, seven million Buddhas are counted on her paper on chakras, or her
head, seven million Buddhas.
Adun, Maikron, or the white umbrella kron, which is Maaj, and the seven levels of the white canop
ies, or the umbrellas, spanning over her head.
And this is three, seven different levels of the white umbrella that span. That also means her
inner channels, yeah, they don't pose.
There is a different many channels in the chakras and all that. But there is also known as seven ch
akras.
Seven chakras are that, you know most, the kron chakra, spirit chakra, heart chakra, navel chakra.
Then there is two more chakras. Those are known as then, the chakra of the secret center.
And then one other chakra, which is known as then, chakra of the fire, fire or the chakra of the
wind, wind and fire trigger,
which will ignite the great blissfulness, and as well as the movement of the wind energy that.
So those, and then there is, so that way, there is seven chakras.
So, again, I think we got a little bit below.
The kron chakra, spirit chakra, or kron chakra, spirit chakra, heart chakra, navel chakra, now I
will go one.
And then higher chakra, higher chakra, then below there is called wind chakra,
and below there is called secret center chakras, or secret center chakra.
There is, that makes, I think, seven chakras.
And this is totally enlightened, great blissfulness.
When you reach enlightenment, everything is completely enlightened, great blissfulness states.
Because, free from the dualities, because the wind energy, as I think maybe we talked yesterday,
wind is something,
and that wind, the current wind is completely transcendent into the great wisdom status.
So therefore, all chakras and all channels are in refined, wisdom-like status.
Everything is glowing in rainbow, in blissful status.
In order to symbolize that, that glorified, and then seven chakras, or seven umbrellas,
spreading over her, and spreading the great blissfulness, happy in the dual,
peace to all the living beings, and to us, to us.
So that is what this symbolizes.
And then she is, is like all the head.
Hair balls of my, hair balls of my balls, balls of my body, are the splendidly video-wisdom lights.
Really, let her play.
Because she is semi-wrathful, or let her model of wrathful status.
So therefore, then, wisdom-like, and the same way, smacking that.
That is also not just a light, it's the light of the great blissfulness,
light of the great wisdom, uplifting status of that wisdom-world.
And then, she is wearing, aware that, you know, clothes and ornament,
the peaceful and wrathful Buddhas, all those beautiful ornaments are,
she is wearing that, which symbolize richness of the Sambokaya qualities.
All the richness.
Sambokaya is also in the Tibetan called "Lung Jyukzoka".
It's not, nothing is really missing.
Sambokaya means the rich.
The rich of the Buddha's nature is completely reworked,
without blurred by, or hidden by the obscurations of the duality.
Therefore, richness is totally glowing, from in and out of all,
to symbolize that, that is all beautiful ornaments are there.
And now, more than that, then she is also a body member of all Buddhas.
Buddhas, as I said before, and that is more also she is.
In her forehead, there is Buddha Varajana.
Now, all the body aspects of the Buddhas are crown and she embodies,
and that is symbolized by the Buddha Varajana,
in this syllable "Om" in his head, crown chakras.
And all the speech of the Buddha, Buddha, she is all embodied,
and that is symbolized by the Red "A" and Amitabha.
Amitabha in her speech.
Oh yeah, in the speech center and in the heart also.
So there is like, here, here, I am sorry, I am doing this correctly,
and there is like three Buddhas, Varajana Buddha in her forehead,
up on the chakra, in the speech center, Amitabha in the speech center,
and Veda Sattva in the heart center, heart center, center.
And in the Amitabhas, in the heart, there is Varajana's heart,
there is white home syllables, Amitabha's heart, there is red heart syllables,
and then in the Buddha Veda Sattva's heart, there is blue homes.
And that symbolizes embodiment of the old Buddha's body, speech mind that she is.
And then here, through nothing, through me, those things to go home, home, home, home.
And then in the heart center, in here, her heart center,
in the deep, here like the great Master Chama Nambuja said here,
"At the lower part of the mind, heart."
Heart, so because I think when we realize the two homes,
that place letter, I think for the mostly beginner practice,
next letter, what's called it, inconvenience.
Therefore, we move to Veda Sattva, that's the lower, lower to me, as you said that.
But every discomfort, I'm sure it's okay, all in the target, in the right, in the heart center.
Just if you feel a little uncomfortable to visualize this to the clarification,
then you can move Veda Sattva, a little bit lower of your heart center,
and right above there, and then her heart, then you can visualize it on the white home syllable,
on the moon dresser, as in the teaching center.
And then circle them under the same thing, as in all the Buddha teachings,
the Vedana teachings, and her teats, upper teats, teats, ten teats,
or upper teats represent all the ten ratvadittis,
and lower teats is all the prima ratvadittis,
and she has then all these bolts of the upper lip's blessing,
so the bolts of the upper blessing with fire and tone,
and the bolt of soul, soul everything,
and in my portal, the sun and moon, and my body is my plane,
or she is right in the middle of the western plane, as end of the eons,
and then molecular beings everywhere are instantly salinated,
and all destroyed burn, everything destroyed,
and that means everything that's destroyed up there,
maliciously their intention, thought, or their bad, bad motivation,
bad action, that complete burn, and everything becomes perfectly enlightened status,
and now there's no more obstacles and a hindrance,
everything is transcendent and removed,
and she is the demotionally dominating, enlightened beings,
that dominate all the entire universe, all the three realms,
and all the buddhas and bodhisattvas has as her reactions and her circles,
and she is the demotionally powerful one,
and that is now our self, for your self, with that meditation,
and then with that meditation, circle the matra in heart center,
as a counter-clockwise way, as often in the teaching centers,
and then join these prayers, these prayers, this is generally,
of course, it's translated, but this is really mantras,
all these mantras, this is generally Buddha's teaching,
as I showed yesterday in that text, it's all in there, there, in these mantras,
then you join this, as the teaching said, seven times, or five times,
or three times, according your times, you join these mantras,
and then after that, you join, and this, what's called,
this the root mantra, which is in bed twelve,
and then there is a short mantra, which is again very good with mantras,
you join as much as you can.
So this is now, what, up to, again, I think, up to, what's called,
up to this point, in bed seven, up to point seven,
is the meditating, and mainly to the head, regular body,
and our, at that time, we are in the white umbrella status.
And again, often in the way, visualization, meditation,
often said, that you have to have three things.
There's many beautiful qualities that you should have that,
but, oh, practice it, but, three things is,
Sarva, Tawkwa, in the Thema, in the Thema, in the Thema, Sarva,
Sarva, S-A-L-W-A, Sarva, Tawkwa, D-A-G-P-A, Tawkwa,
in the Thema, T-A-N-P-A, Thema.
So what means Sarva? Clarity.
And what means Tawkwa? The purity.
And what means Thema? Stable. Stable.
This clarity, purity, and the stable are very, very important.
And, of course, clarity is, again, for us, for many of us,
it's not so regular that it becomes clear,
clear because our concentration is not so strong.
And therefore, it won't come clear.
But even though it didn't come clear, always in the teaching set,
you feel the presence, presence, and you just feel, feel that.
That feeling, feeling is supported by the purity and the stable.
These are very important.
If it didn't come clear, clarity, perfectly clear,
as in the teaching method here, if it comes.
But if we have the purity and the stable,
then it will bring the result, bring it.
And then gradually, it will also become clarity, too.